==Author
Jisha Muthiyil.
== THE BodSpeak Project
This is a platform where users can sign up and talk about their symptoms. Doctors can see all the user postings and 
give expert opinion . This is achieved through a personal messaging system.
== A brief description of how the application works
	There are two user-types, D-for doctors and P for patients
	When a user signs up through the system , the type would be set as P by default.
	There are messages associated with a user. A user, on click of the profile can see all the messages associated with
	him/her.
	The user will be signed in until explicitly signing out.
	
	The doctor user on login can see all the patient users. On click of a patient, he can go to the latest message 
	and can update it with his inputs.

== The BodSpeak API
The Api can be accessed through any of the REST API client.
Basic authentication
	username : Jisha
	password :password
Header	
	Content Type : application/xml
	
The different API requests
	1. method=GET	
	   url=http://localhost:3000/api/users
	2.method=DELET
	   url=http://localhost:3000/api/users
	3.method=POST
          url=http://localhost:3000/api/users
          body=
          	<user>
		<email>Patient3@gmail.com</email>
		<name>patient3</name>
		<password>password</password>
		<password-confirmation>password</password-confirmation>
		<user-type>P</user-type>
		</user>
		
	4.method=PUT
	  url=http://localhost:3000/api/users/:id
	  body=
	  	<user>
		<email>Patient3@gmail.com</email>
		<name>patient3</name>
		<password>password</password>
		<password-confirmation>password</password-confirmation>
		<user-type>P</user-type>
		</user>
		
		
==References
	1.Ruby on rails tutorial by Michael Hartl( For user authentication and association of message model)
	2.Railcasts episode 136 (For Qjuery and implementation of Ajax)
	3.Sample API implementation by Arun Yadav-Codedecoder.wordpress.com (For implementing REST Api)
	  
		

